[music]
hello friends with you petrovsky then
we are at the Geneva Motor Show on the stand
the country house which as you know
enters the ren group in Geneva
the world premiere of the new
compact van
cottage loggia which is now
in front of me this compact along with it
spacious car with a length of 4 s
half a meter personify according to
cottages all the fun and the most
useful that can be squeezed out of the minivan
which host either 5 or even 7
man and fits big enough
amount of cargo
a lot of air a lot of space and above your head
and on the side of a particular, we now have 5
local version with a giant boot in
this version in this version it
has a volume of about 700 liters interesting
that many trim elements in particular
Here is the incomplete lining of the back
panels are such a pen on
plastic pocket just yet
Duster characteristic
and repeats in many ways constructive this
compact crossover as for
better then he has enough
unassuming but at the same time
interesting design that can not be called
very catchy but at the same time from
the car in the crowd will not be lost
as for the salon, everything is here
quite ascetic it is such a team
hodgepodge of all models of the market and in general
and villas that you can imagine
for example, this visor is very similar to
conga this is the most 2 de new tape recorder
exactly the same now
installed on our market duster even
Here are these climate twists
Absolutely similar to a duster a little
Refreshes the situation only in such
two-color finish in some places
beige front panel and then
some gray but plastic
tough enough
however, it should be noted that
the air space in the cabin is very
a lot of me with my height meter seventy
two
probably still 30 centimeters for the ceiling
I have a stock and this is the high ceiling
he goes actually to the end of the salon then
there are all the same four and a half
meters meter of which
refers to the front of the car to
engine compartment but here it is
about three meters long indeed
it is very spacious and now
we have a budget version of longines
example here
manual rear windows
just twist the corresponding knobs
for example this central console
here has just kai niche deepening
Now we move to more expensive
versions let's see how it differs
[music]
but actually it has this version
already seven seats rear parking sensors more
richly electric
interior trim and richer
finishing materials so appeared here
more chrome now center console
finished in such a black glossy
Plastic noticeable that appeared 2 din
new cassette touch 7-inch
which display is displayed in general
a lot of information including navigation
but what is worth noting is that even
on the most expensive versions did not appear
climate control after all loggia it
very budget car in general
budget climate control knobs and
A / C button here
remains pure mechanical but should
note that the very niche that was
in the middle of the center console more
the cheap version here has turned
fairly functional glove box with
cover but the most important difference of this
version of the lot is that it is 7-seater and
here in the trunk and there are still nicknames
folding sofa that can be opened
or close by i must now
show how it works
the trunk has almost the same capacity
but maybe a little less than 5 local
versions if we need to open this one
the third row
this is done as follows
one seat reclines and
respectively in the same way a friend and
Moreover, it can be noted that the trunk is here
actually killed that is well
literally centimeters probably 30 20-30
centimeters to the cap but sit on
these same seats in principle
quite comfortable here is even
molded cup holders in the sides
and distance for legs well, in principle
enough to
accommodate even an adult and
there is such a rising
head restraints except there in rich
picking from the same three rear appear
parking sensors
and the most interesting thing here is the rear
window if on a cheap modification it
just completely drowned it out here from
Salon, you can open the window and make
here is such a five centimeter
vent to
air the inside of the car
Well, now let's go to the most important thing
this is to the cost I will immediately speak in
understandable for
With money this Russia thous on Russian
rubles so here is the cheapest version of the lodge
in Europe costs about 400 thousand rubles
This is the most expensive family local
about 480 imagine what the
that kind of money is naturally nothing close
especially in the seven-seater
minivans found in Europe almost
unreal in this case the cottage plays on
offering its field cheap and
pretty sander suggesting a completely
incredible will give again for your
price segment four by four for
you all know what kind of advertising
campaign he is now sold we have
the likelihood that the lodges
after some time will appear in Russia
this will set a certain fashion on
cheap roomy and very practical
minivans, thanks for watching us
See us and further all the best to
dating
[music]